hello my name is natasha this is a summary
automotive news bucket news
stay with us will be a lot of things
interesting and drawn another
advertising war mersedes-benz throws
challenge porsche boy sleeps and sees himself
driving a 911
well that in this shameful and you
attend the same dreams but this walk on
911 turns into a nightmare because
the horizon is bright yellow
coupe m gadgets and see at the end
a caustic statement of your car
childhood dreams just got around them waiting
Response last release bucket news we
watched the first video of the new ford focus
rs
there he was still a little disguised
last week were disclosed
official details about this
hot show in Geneva
new items
but the first who ran to check
all-wheel drive new ares as well as 2 and 3
liter engine from ford mustang became ken
block
yes yes I did it right in the factory
ford in cologne
for now you are holding your breath
this will focus on what's new
This pepper is not Ken in focus
Of course aggressive body kit
new front bumper with huge
massive rear air intakes
rear wing
wheels with a new design solid rear
diffuser two huge exhaust pipe
systems
the suspension has undergone changes
car became tougher a little
decreased and the total clearance of new
all-wheel drive system will be capable
move up to seventy percent
torque to your rear axle
turn this torque can be
distributed between the rear wheels
down to 100 percent such a system
used ford for the first time accurate
power index focus rs not
It is specified but the company notes that
it's over 330 horsepower
Transmission Manual
6-speed acceleration to hundreds of claimed for
level 4 and a half seconds to usa price
will be almost 38 thousand dollars and more
one new lighter this week opel
corsa inventory she will also come martin and
Geneva Motor Show hot hatch got
developed
aerodynamic body kit improves
downforce front bumper now with
rather large
ho fence nickname back with no big
a diffuser according to tradition above the rear
glass is a small spoiler
under the hood turbo 1 6 liters
power plant capacity reaches 207
horsepower compared to the past
generation power increase amounted to
just some 15 horsepower in
manual transmission quality
six-speed transmission
spring to a hundred 6 8 seconds
maximum speed of 230 kilometers per hour
porsche cayman gt4 is now the most powerful
among ever produced gay
caimans are cool here 3 8 liter
boxer engine six cylinders
producing 385 horsepower box
6-speed automatic api children
will not be in any of the complete sets in
we end up with a classic sports car without
turbines and without machine up to hundreds
kilometers an hour ty4 accelerates in 4 and
4 seconds and its maximum speed
it's two hundred and ninety-two kilometers per hour
Nürburgring track is new for 7
minutes and 40 seconds it puts it on one
level with mercedes sls 997 gt3 and more
In addition, the indicator is less than the 911 turbo s
issue price of 97 thousand dollars company
Renault introduced the new Kajar crossover
he became the nickname with the platform
qashqai
and now the French can boast
C-class crossovers that even became
a bit more than your brother in base a
Here in the competitors he recorded not only
Actually qashqai but also mazda cx-5
hyundai ix35 and ford kuga in the company
refused to provide accurate technical
car characteristics
the only thing noted by the vice president
Renault Anthony in that from a technical point of
Vision machine will completely repeat
nissan qashqai
the car will be front wheel drive but with
need you can connect
rear drive
the system itself will have three modes
works auto-lock all wheels and
monodrive
clearance height will be 19 centimeters
front and rear overhang has angles of 18 and
25 degrees accordingly as we know
Automotive industry in Ukraine now
going through not the easiest times by
According to the Ukrainian auto industry in January 2015
Ukrainians purchased only 2597 cars
compared with January, people
and 14 , this figure is less than 4.6 times
also feels himself in this situation
less well and can become a leader
the market in the first place nissan which
13 percent of the market true sales fell
by 35 percent but still they
made 340 cars over the past
month for comparison in January 2014
sold 520 one car in second place
Renault with eight percent of the market and
sold in January 2015 200 cars
bronze skoda 188 cars that 75
percent less than last year
the top five are still Toyota 180
sold imanda buckets 174 auto toyota
the word lost as much as 87 percent
the biggest decline in sales killed ninety
three and a half percent in january they
sold only 16 cars and finally
standard of grace in the snow from subaru as they
this verse prepare for rally america and
Now they are training on snowy tracks.
driving david Higgins no
characteristics details about what
there is no camouflage ambassador so just
enjoy
This was the last week waiting for your
comments and likes and boisterous
social network discussions yet